alright guys in this tutorial I'm gonna
show you guys how to make a custom
YouTube player it's really easy all you
do is go to youtube.com slash custom
underscore player once you're there you
can title it whatever you want make a
quick description then you can pick
different colors for it you know then
you can choose the layout this great for
like if you have a bunch of videos that
you want to show people it makes it nice
and neat instead of having just a bunch
of like single YouTube players you can
just have it all in one there's actually
a lot of you - a lot of websites that
use that that one personally but it's
your choice whatever and then down here
in content you you pick obviously what
videos you want in the player if you
want all your videos you just go to my
videos and it's all of the content that
you upload goes into player your
favorites or just whatever playlist it
select and then click generate when
you're all set then you go ahead and
copy this code down here and I use iWeb
for my website so I'm gonna show you
guys how to do that an iWeb right now so
you guys all you got to do is drag an
HTML snippet like text box thing in
there and then you paste the code in
there hit apply and boom you got a
YouTube player just like that simplest
thing ever
then you can go ahead and publish your
site and then show you guys what it
looks like
right
it's uploading cool there we go visit
site now
go to the page you just made and there's
your YouTube player so you can play your
videos and play my hi-def you can pick
different videos you want to play and
scroll through all the videos you have
yeah it's as simple as that guys
we go you will reach quiet priori all
right guys comment rate subscribe thanks
for watching